Consoliate bibliography files and create initial publications page (#128)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/publications.md

# List of Publications using TMAP8

> Below is a known list of publications using TMAP8, and might be incomplete. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a known list of publications supporting TMAP8 development, and might be incomplete. If
```

your work should be included on this list, please make a post in the
[TMAP8 Discussion Forum](https://github.com/idaholab/TMAP8/discussions).

## Journal Articles

!bibtex list bib_files=articles_using_tmap8.bib

!! The below commented out sections should be added in as publications are created and available

!! ## Technical Reports

!! !bibtex list bib_files=tmap8_technical_reports.bib

> !! ## Theses and Dissertations)

Author: ```suggestion
!! ## Theses and Dissertations
```

Need to remove this after review.
